Update classic theme changes in PrestaShop 8 (#1533)
PrestaShop/docs: themes/reference/templates/notifications.md

## How to display notifications

> In the "Classic" Theme, [notifications are implemented as a partial template file](https://github.com/PrestaShop/classic-theme/blob/develop/templates/_partials/notifications.tpl):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "Classic" Theme, [notifications are implemented as a partial template file](https://github.com/PrestaShop/classic-theme/blob/2.0.1/templates/_partials/notifications.tpl):
```

</aside>
```

> ...and are then [included in the template file](https://github.com/PrestaShop/classic-theme/blob/develop/templates/customer/page.tpl#L32-L34):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...and are then [included in the template file](https://github.com/PrestaShop/classic-theme/blob/2.0.1/templates/customer/page.tpl#L32-L34):
```
